README.md, before:

# NetTop
Android application for viewing detailed info about device network data transfer in real time.

You can get it on Google Play on the following link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.alvarogp.nettop

# Developed by
- Alvaro Gutierrez Perez
  - alvarogzp@gmail.com
  - https://linkedin.com/in/alvarogzp

# License

    Copyright (C) 2016  Alvaro Gutierrez Perez

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Add source section to README

README.md, after:

# NetTop
Android application for viewing detailed info about device network data transfer in real time.

You can get it on Google Play on the following link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.alvarogp.nettop

# Source
NetTop code follows the [Clean Architecture](https://blog.8thlight.com/uncle-bob/2012/08/13/the-clean-architecture.html) guidelines described by Robert C. Martin.

### Libraries used
- **[RxJava](https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxJava)**, the [ReactiveX](http://reactivex.io/) implementation for Java.
- **[Dagger 2](https://google.github.io/dagger/)** to perform dependency injection without using reflection.
- **[Retrolambda](https://github.com/orfjackal/retrolambda)** so lambdas can be used on the code.
- **[ButterKnife](https://jakewharton.github.io/butterknife/)** which simplifies Android view handling.

# Developed by
- Alvaro Gutierrez Perez
  - alvarogzp@gmail.com
  - https://linkedin.com/in/alvarogzp

# License

    Copyright (C) 2016  Alvaro Gutierrez Perez

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
